Blonde, well groomed hair slightly covers a fresh, anguished face. Squinting green eyes, set handsomely within their sockets.He stands tall above others, slim frame.

Brown, straight hair almost fully covers a full, friendly face. Dead brown eyes, bushy eyebrows
A moustache elegantly compliments his nose. He stands big among others, muscled frame.

White, long hair tight in a ponytail reveals a bony, lived-in face. Round red eyes. Dark stubble alluringly compliments his eyes and cheekbones. elves. He stands ordinary among others, fragile frame

Ginger, dreadlocks slightly reveals a long, gloomy face. Shining gray eyes, set handsomely within their sockets, watch hungrily over the clan they've protected for so long.Fallen debry left a mark stretching from the left side of the forehead , running towards his right nostril and ending on his chin leaves a beautiful memory of his reckless luck.This is the face of Cale Falcon, a true spectacle among humans. He stands ordinary among others, despite his bulky frame.

Black, curly hair gently hangs over a thin, frowning face. Shining brown eyes, set dreadfully within their sockets, watch delightfully over the deserts they've looked after for so long.A beard graciously compliments his hair and leaves an intriguing memory of his adventurous love life.This is the face of Golub Deatheye, a true hero among orcs. He stands alluringly among others, despite his skinny frame.

White, dreadlocks neatly coiffured to reveal a chiseled, cheerful face. Round black eyes, set concealed within their sockets, watch watchfully over the mines they've watched over for so long.Soft skin alluringly compliments his mouth and leaves a captivating memory of his fortunate looks.This is the face of Adam Chilson, a true explorer among humans. He stands tall among others, despite his scraggy frame.

Gray, short hair tight in a ponytail reveals a full, lived-in face. Shining green eyes, set low within their sockets, watch energetically over the country they've come to love for so long.A beard elegantly compliments his hair and cheekbones and leaves a bittersweet memory of his upbringing.This is the face of Cade Adwell, a true visionary among humans. He stands high among others, despite his heavy frame.

========================
Pink, well groomed hair double braided to reveal a thin, gloomy face. Squinting red eyes, set buried within their sockets, watch merrily over the sea they've become enchancted by for so long.Fair skin charmingly compliments her nose and and leaves a pleasurable memory of her luck.The is the face of Iyohara Stagrunner, a true explorer among wood elves. She stands alluringly among others, despite her hefty frame.

Black, short hair slightly covers a long, worried face. Gentle blue eyes, set narrowly within their sockets, watch watchfully over the people they've safeguarded for so long.A scar reaching from the bottom of the left cheek , first running towards her fairly big lips and ending on her forehead and leaves a stinging burden of her fortunate survival.The is the face of Sheeda Burningfury, a true explorer among orcs. She stands short among others, despite her slim frame.

White, wavy hair almost fully covers a lean, time-worn face. Big, round violet eyes, set high within their sockets, watch discreetly over the river they've rarely felt at home at for so long.An old tattoo of a lion paw is subtly placed on the side of her left cheekbone and leaves a stinging memory of reclaimed honor.The is the face of Felerai Stagrunner, a true mercenary among elves. She stands oddly among others, despite her skinny frame.

Blue, long hair awkwardly hangs over a full, tense face. Small golden eyes, set far within their sockets, watch readily over the sea they've loved for so long.A scar reaching from the bottom of the right cheekbone , running towards the tip of the nose and ending on her upper lip and leaves a stinging burden of battles long forgotten.The is the face of Yneasia Dawnwing, a true spectacle among elves. She stands tiny among others, despite her skinny frame.

Gaunt
Rawboned
Angry
Unkempt
Healthy
Skinny
Fit
Hair Spray
Body Odor
Albino
Mesmerizing
Flawless
Scrawny
Tan
Beautiful
Blonde
Lean
Sad
Tawny
Sharp
Frowning
Young
Lanky
Smelly
Brunette
Lipstick
Cutie Pie
Adorable
Attractive
Strong
Cute
Redheaded
Crew Cut
Thin
Enchanting
Thin
Perfect
Pale
Awkward
Sexy
Clean
Limping
Gangling
Curvy
Elegant
Supple
Cheeky
Fair
Plain
Radiant
Bony
Bald
Youthful
Overweight
Spare
Long Hair
Good Looks
Smiley
Muscled
Lanky
Absent-Minded
Stooped
Brunette
Red-Headed
Blonde
High-Cheekbones
Full Libs
Heart-Shaped Face
Pot-Bellied
Pregnant
Squinty-Eyed
Fast Talking
Menacing
Elderly
Goatee
Wrinkled
Grey-Haired
Fast Talking
One-Armed
Short

